u need one good idea
stick this thing in your code to see if your reviewer is reading. If not go office space on the.....
where ami?

#compoundinterest

trytamake a jokerealquick

nofartjokesuuuuuuuaaaaaaaassssssss

click all the buttons

say fuck if stuck

#Keep_it_white_bread_is_a_warmup

amialright>nevaaahhh
wut

the unexpected is opportunity: an ode.

make one errors at at times the coefficient

learn to spelling

doooz mathsz

spell it wrong in all the languagles miserables.

fuck yer pronuncimation

do all teh jokez at once on de fist w0mAn u see.

z'short your keybaoazd'

stick this thing in your code to see if your reviewer is reading. If not go office space on the.....

hide alll the things implicitly lodash especially

"wadoooyooodooo on slak? tell programming jokz

lol the gay away

DRY is backwardized

scratch that itch inbedwithasashachohenlookalike

shit shitty shit shit

use fuckall the ways


the weels of das kapital es tu bruteay

phonetics is fundamentally fuxt
abundance is blight

use data structures in a cross hatch spiral & shit yer giggle in git cause the hub is the stuff obamma mamma dropped on the head of it. period

mix media accidentallyscauce

security exploit = artist

ML dumbass

military intel is fake oppo. opportunity abounds your stack

if noone else is coding, slak off cuz......... .. . .. .. . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . .. .

if you have no idea why your shit works document it

exploit paradoxen moooooo00000000000000000oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo99999999999                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         


mix tabs & spaces please,
consistently.

placement is half the battle

"take advice from random Americans ... inbedwithasashachohenlookalike"
'' the run on exploit is alive & well & so is David Foster Wallace and his last name muthafukaaaaaAAS
Chanel the code talkers

toggle shit randomly rando randomly'

jus dooooo eeeet

suingovercopyright is artistic

do the end first. middle out bitchess



j0kez. some gitbits to work in with comments & stuff. piss off @kornil for fun & stuff. &ptjer stuff.

make shure yer stuff is slow so the client is impressed when it get fast whenyou doit right.

make your own language alsd;hg;ag    lrashgouo    hfaub tabs   spaces   vs semaphore v nocodeatall

study all the langages & how they came about pl0x

l33t 1z d4 n01 killer. fuggit

fugging copypasta

be da douche you want to see

exploits first always

shrug it off. it wuz one joke

laugh at your own shit cuz your sitting in it

use consistent tenseryz

//stick jokes in comments cuz eastereggs.

Google is Microsoft. Microsoft is Mozilla. 

that is too school for cool.

collect funny stuff. use shit for stuff. backwardize some tools you find. guide your meditation iyd, livestream your consciousness. think yer smart? you prollare. launch a #shitdtstorm of #shitshows 3like you always do........ .. .. .. . .. .. .... ..

ignore the above understatedexclamation. alwaus and forever. fugit.

fuck it. right in da eat. 
ear even

try any not joke one

nest a ternary

talk about taking the lsat. lastly expose yourselft at the lsat

be fundamentally lazy. proactively.

learn parts of speech. all the best words.

attn to detail is .. absolutely fracking starvbuck because an agngel is worth adopting to train. 

adopting russions is collusion sad fatorangewhitefugger who cant carry whatever

attention to detail comes with some fugging natual ability. but practice anyway wtf. practice just practice for the game I love

spraysayinit

make some hastags randomly, actually all of them, use reverse Recursion

make up nonsensical stuff then make it work closes #1

masturbate to exaustion

wait for it...autocomplete

get your non coder frends to peep yer stuff

find all the coders systematically via trollbots

just dive into the shit. 

comit atomically every which way.

ask your rando collection of facebook frends coding queer questions

hit autocomplete rando for fucking fart fugit fun guarantee at least one chuckle

iyou get one chuckle you win

if you get fired and sued you win. fucking publicity see Kanye.

make your kbd sing a pretty song whensptiing rimes consistently. just cuz shit works.

james Joyce motherfuckeraaaas

use it once, hoard it in your queer qeueeue

kweewee see KSATSULAS

say it slow say it real fast to. 

"Ill try anything" not poison.

quick from head to screen talkes fucking practice.

autocomplete hilarity!

#periodfullstop

solve a problem once a day. shit cums back.

if lady smile, lady, slimey bacS

Figure out how to get the linter to complain

violate all convention

keep at it youll come up with 

interview practice the heck outta "my regreats re dis project"

check out emmet. make a joke writeing ML emmet bot and sprinkle in some verbate

bloviate deliberatively and

Kornil got lost reading a stream of consciousness. hes a looser.

always try a one liner.

shrt as possiblee

eschew obfuscation & parsimony. 

boyardee it up cheff

ignore your errors, edit later goddammntit

work in 7 dirty words while not using them.

Doing Comedy: 1. Laugh. consistently. 2. If bla*k, say The Word. consistently. 3. Always BANDG TEH keybaoazd. consistently. 4. etc. consistently. 5. Be Funny. consistently. 6. Overestimate undertatement. consistently. 7. Consistently consider self-immoldeprecation. consistently. 8. Try VSCode. shit rox the way it associates shit.   

maybe make a jokes repo so you get mike judge's shit. cuz the man funny!

study s*it. consistently.

always be writing. ABC coding. er, comedy i mean.

Make up characters but use real world Actually happened situationals.

fsck abbevs whn writing

wrt it down in town, use bad rime all the time in the off chance you get a fat albert chance.

i got some shit that blow yer mind.

write mindlessly.

REact Speedrun with TypeScript. No redux. #notagbax.

study pop culture. express universals. make all the langages get yer shit.

if your white bread ass is stuck, just drop da bomb. only sont use da werd. toosexy for da werd.

Best explanation yet of Trumps win: Random Chance. Definitely non-zero.

Trump has lost it.
I mean it all.
Watch his face as you see him talk about Maria and Puerto Rico.
Al Haig is Now In Charge Here.
This Coup Is No Longer Silent. You Will Be Assimilated. 
everybody's like fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuudge. fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuk. fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuk autocomplete r00lz d00d3z l33t1111111111111100pz1111===!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


Ohhh. Figured out how to F up Zuck's StUf. And I'm Racist. MAGA.

Kanye...MA




Some devs are just amazeballs about multitasking they do it with deep work too. Really quick head to screen. Pick one variable and just change it. Make another change it ten times then 


Annealing: Get gary larson to go line by line thru the code to show me how this works.



I'm a clAss act.


Bill barton could up his bullshit skilz by tons if he knew how to facebook. Just sit back and watch. it will start slow.


Bill I wanna send you a thank you note for that shirt but I need your email.


Bill, I got an idea for you. I'm a bullshit artist. I can seriously up your game. can you call me? can I call you. Informational interview is what its called. I'll bring my machine so I can take some notes. Were talking making you into the next Good Donald Trump. Instead of the big problem. I even got a bullshit meeter. YOu would be a facebook superstar. you could take it all over. trump just lost it. you can see it on his face. al haig is in charge here. physical gag. pull uyour pants up pops you sob. I got news for you. nobody cares if.


So, that voice in your head, the one that runs your moufpeice. you use it for a frikcing living. you have a decent filter too. and a courtroom presence. I know this because I see it. I can make you a superstar. Lean in. like driving a car thats it. you are gonna take over the whole...empire. Barton's empire. I can write for you when you get tired. You can use text to speech to PUNctuate your BUULLshit. Mother    ... of god~! I like tyos they're an opportunity. serious as sh8t. shit. I mean sh*t. the*re. they're are gonna be lotsa your own typos in your future but still its good. Theyre an improv opportunity. You say your bullshit and you can actually really almost take your own shit back! No Takebacks. What if you just said that in court?????
So you killed him on purpose-hashtag notakebacjks! WINNER Bill Barton. I can riff on anything you old as sand at nye beach fecal bacteria infested petrified and scared shitlist motherofgod Godamnit!


I will give uyo the secret oldie, golden boy gonna win it all because you write to the beat of hurricane Florence whipping the lighthouse like a read headed surfer trying with all the life they've got....wait for it. .... Oh yueah....James Joyce was famous for this patter...wait...you know the most important part of an idiotjoketiming! actual LOLersauce! ROFLCOPTERzx3#mutha  #"Keep_it_white_bread" tweet dat boss! cause you gonna take over that zuckerber hoodie and wear it prooud queer it into newports own famous already fifteen minutes fuc* thzzat! Gimme a life time. 


Trump keeps making errors unforced errors. No ... wait I gotta get set up.


shit.
piss.
fuck.
cunt.
cocksucker.
motherfucker.
tits.


Carlin, fucking interupting him self because he's an assclown compared to richard pryor. richard pryror is the king. of all the shit and the burning richard pryor tooo.


shit.
piss.
fuck.
cunt.
practice practice fux Carlin!

jus dooo watchaaa gotz ta dooo ta doooo da tiiing man.

so, i can literally just jest infintely with autocomplete. ser

richard pryor was universal and so are you. Sue me for libel I need the press on my side cuz they find. one. word. pick, it about all to it self and completely deconstruct it lieing like derrida faking that he knows french. David Foster Wallace mastered the run on but I'm taking 'is st*f back. some times I look at my keybaoazd but fuggit im a slow typing guy no autocomplete wait fort it....


g3t b4k t0 d4 GYM!
Oh, and were doing facelifts, I'd like a straonger jawline and a smaller n0ze pl0x!

shit.
piss.
fuck.
cunt.
cocksucker.
motherfucker.
tits.

back from carlin commercial

the debut.

fuck the debut. short sentences make a comebak, shiva character so the sound, gets around, in your round
head. 
old ass king gonna...live forever cuz. wayback machine got your, 
mouthpiece machine, 
for sale,
high price,
High Reward
Gotta Think
About Your 
VOTE
For who is
For the people
who do the 
work in 
this place
we call home
we kneel as patriots
cuz we know 

commerch here




shit.
piss.
fuck.
cunt.
cocksucker.
motherfucker.
tits.oops...

Grandma got run over by a reindeer...

Speaking patois they call 'Tagalog'...

They pronounce it "Tag - Uh - LaWG"

Cuz they are haoles they don't know

We pronounce it 'Tagalog'

Which don't work but 'I know this'

Spitting this stuff in my room

Cause it's fun Mom!

Need a site, make a site...

Build it. Build it. Buildit.

Bebop. Bebop.                 //shizit. gotta quit one for screen gag to work on screenz
"They call her Lola!!!"

I could go on but no screen

left.



dassit.

quick. Head to screen,
quizck.
like da King
  [#billbarton] {That means tweetdatshit, mkay?}

lemme dial it down a bit...
I can tel you da secret
to how to do dis ... here.
cause I see rhythm and purpose
in your stride
always in your stride
in your mind
cause it don't turn off
til you sleep...
healthy
Im gonna make you the king!
I'll tell you the secret.

but

*
*

Im gonna oppen the restaurant
I;m gonna make food
I'm gonna sell it
I'm gonna give it away
good fish, so fish and chips
For shure cook all the food cause
people
need to eat
and Big Problem Trump's FEMA got distracted
disrespecting the great people of Puerto Rico {gotta google the spelling cuz Igotz mad respect for the people injured destructed torn apart like a washing machine riffing over their home an island in the land that was great from the start but trump don't give a fart. He started a Tweetstorm with the Packers instead of paying attention. Like obama and every other living president good and bad and decent but bad mess ups}

iMessage is literally the one and only killer feature on iFone. It keeps them cuming back. 1k a pop! 1k an u r txtn {8=> oopzys!} on da cpu dat clox sl0wr tHn Ur pone!
The thing about iMessage is that texting really relies on formatting for it's expressivity...and it fucks all that up. all the words all the time...
wtf...so iMessage fucks all 


Hey Myke JUUdGe! I gotz ta make a j0kez rebo on mah GitHub! 

Dance like nobody is watching!
I'll show you how!
ever wonder how breakdances even happen? like, where did it come from dUUde...AND dUUdettes.
it comes from what malcolm gladwell calls deliberative practice.
I have practiced dancing like no one is watching all my life. From 1970!(#understatedexclamation)



RE: Do0d... Teach Big Wave Sufing!
Hey Mike Tice, ever think about teaching Big Wave Surfing to 16 year olds?
I could make a quick wesite prototype...
<youtube>Hey, I'm Mike. I surfed Waimea when I was 16;)</youtube>
<youtube>I'll show you how</youtube>
<youtube>I beat Kelly Slater, the GOAT.</youtube>
<youtube>Twice. Period Fullstop</youtube>
<youtube>Twice. Period Fullstop</youtube>



so.
checking in
at least the motor mouth has calmed down
but
the thing is that if you really just sit on facebook and not try to post anything, but just watch...
you can really learn a whole lot about props and state if you constantly verbalize what is happening on the screen one thing at a time.
just do that. move your mouse around and say to yourself the things that are happening on the screen
Actually, do not say them to yourself, say them out loud in the inner language you use. serious.
It actually helps you learn a whole lot about what is gping on
I think my professional called this "neuroplasticity"
you're wearing a path in your brain.
_[this is the only actual damn way I can rest because if I try to just chill and sleep the panic starts]_
_{actually feeling pretty chill, interesting experience I'm having}_
_{I'm actually fucking in the zone i'm just stuck.}_
so, I'm learning a whole lot about facebook and react
_{but it still totally sucks. buecause lets face it it sucks}_
_{Oh, and I have to somehow execute plans a b and c which my parents are coming with even tho we dont know when. It realies on not seeming completely batshit crazy as you contantly talk out loud...
to yourself
for no apparent reason.}_
_{its actually
really fucking funny but I cannot laugh because if I do, I will hurt myself
because it's gone on so long}_
This Totally Sucks!
*I have a smile on my face and I'm having a good time. I'm chilling with my bro on my keyboard. I mean thats it. I'm totally rooted, meditated, tuned in, ready to program, but, really I can't because if I do I just do dumb stuff.*
oh, and I have no fear of executing this absurd plan tomorrow. that wave has to somehow break right.
Im also really slowly executing this "rest" idea you mentioned.
so my therapist was like if you just sit there and list the things you are noticing, it reduces anxiety.
its true
beep bop
"That @pixt is becmong quite a ghost these days"
oh so noticing thoughts really helps to
getting fucking bored wth it
so thats whats new.
basically
nothing
ive never done this before so its kinda like popping your cherry, but fuck man it really sucks
Im a photograph that types
so, Ive been doing this for a half hour
I do think that I'm channeling someone, but I don't know who. I'm actually feeling rested but I can't sleep. this must be how ultra marathon runners do it because there is no other fucking way.
there is a very good chance that y'all decide to kick me & never talk to me and I would have to live to go on.
For Some Reason, My Brain Is Good With This!!
Oh, And I'm Getting Really Good Practice Interviewing. The thinking out loud part is definitely good. for sure.
That's funny
I'm certain
So try it out.
Go to facebook and just point, click and ask yourself one thing: WTF am I thinking?
After maybe some days of this you will be buddha
now I know how to practice coding!
The way I _came_ to know really sucks, but whatever. (edited)

jp_lacy [2:30 AM]
Oh, there is a really good chance I forget all the _content_ I learn during this horrifying process. It happened the last time. But, this time, I'm totally noticing every single thing I'm doing. So, I'm focusing on deliberative practice, _deep work_ and *neuroplasticty*, which means "how to learn new shit fast" will be _*burned*_ _*in*_ _*permanently*_ (edited)
_*in ten years of siting at the keys meditating as I work I will be the world's foremost expert at noticing that I can actually learn to do new shit fast if I just keep doing it.*_ (edited)

jp_lacy [2:43 AM]
Hypomania entails a heightened sense of self-reflexivity, which is in many ways a gift. You also forget everything. But you are building in self reflexivity, comparing multiple ways of doing things. I get _*that*_ but I'm also getting how to stay totally focussed as I just notice sh*t happening.
It's just _*practice*_.

jp_lacy [3:19 AM]
_*Neuroplasticity*_: start with a positive mental image. Think it all the way through, like "go for a hike." Then, think of the end goal. Daydream about it. *In 10 years I see myself reaching the Summit of Mount _*Everest*_ without a single oxygen bottle or even one sherpa, and I get the new maxed out MBPro.*

Then, be a programmer. Think out all the steps in order...etc. etc.

Take the steps. Important.

Do this for 10 years and you are on Everest alone, with the shiny APL, being Buddha, iterating on some code.

You are now Forrest Gump.

So basically, Recursion works. (edited)

Message Input


Message @Kornil
